\documentclass{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}

\title{FUTURE OF HEALTHCARE}
\author{A054_shalai Amte}
\date{February 2022}

\begin{document}

\maketitle

\section{Introduction}
The future of health will likely be driven by digital transformation enabled by radically interoperable data and open, secure platforms. Health is likely to revolve around sustaining well being rather than responding to Illness.
It is expected that twenty years from now cancer and diabetes could be defeated diseases among polio, that prevention and early diagnosis will be centre to the future of health.it is also expected that sophisticated tests used for diagnosis will be available for the use from home.

By 2040, it is expected that consumer will be at centre of the health model. Interoperable, always on data will promote closer collaboration among industry stakeholders, and new combinations of services will be offered by incumbents and new entrants.
Interventions and treatments are likely to be more precise, less complex, less invasive, and cheaper.
Health will be defined holistically as an overall state of well-being encompassing mental, social, emotional, physical and spiritual health.
Consumers will have access to their personal health information and play a central role in making the decision needed for their health and wellbeing.

Based on the emerging technology, we can be reasonably certain that the digital transformation enabled by radically interoperable data, artificial intelligence and open, secure platform will drive much of this change.
Today, wearable devices that track our steps, sleep pattern, and even heat rate can be sensed in our lives in coming years this trend is expected to accelerate, the next generation sensors will move us from wearable to invisible always on sensors that are embedded in the devices that surround us.


Many med-tech companies are already beginning to incorporate always on biosensors and software into devices that can generate, gather, and share data. Advanced cognitive technologies could be developed to analyse a significantly large set of parameters and create personalized insights to consumer’s health.
The availability of data and personalised AI can enable precision well-being and real time micro interventions that allow us to get of sickness and far ahead of catastrophic diseases.
Healthcare consumers typical interact with health system only when they are sick or have illness but in future the centre idea will be focused on well-being and prevention rather treatment.

Diagnosing health risks earlier will result in fewer and less severe diseases, which will in result reduce the healthcare spending, allowing the reinvestment of this well-being dividend to expand the benefits to broad population.

We don’t expect diseases to have been eliminated entirely by 2040, but the use of actionable health insights driven by interoperable data and smart AI could help identifying the illness early , enable proactive intervention , and improve the understanding of the disease progression . this would allow us to avoid many catastrophic expenses. 

The consumer rather than health plans and providers will determine when, where and whom he or she engages for care or to sustain well -being. over the next 20 years, all health information will likely become accessible and with appropriate information permission broadly shared by the consumers who own it 


\end{document}
